[release-1.4] update RHBK config docs with security consideration (#869)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/release-notes/ref-release-notes-known-issues.adoc

[id="known-issue-rhidp-5342"]
== [Helm] Cannot run two RHDH replicas on different nodes due to Multi-Attach errors on the dynamic plugins root PVC

> If you are deploying {product-short} using the Helm Chart, it is currently impossible to have 2 replicas running on different cluster nodes. This might also affect the upgrade from 1.3 to 1.4.0 if the new pod is scheduled on a different node.
> 
> A possible workaround for the upgrade is to manually scale down the number of replicas to 0 before upgrading your Helm release. Or manually remove the old {product-short} pod after upgrading the Helm release. However, this would imply some application downtime.
> You can also leverage a Pod Affinity rule to force the cluster scheduler to run your {product-short} pods on the same node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are deploying {product-short} using the Helm Chart, it is currently impossible to have 2 replicas running on different cluster nodes. This might also affect the upgrade from 1.3 to 1.4.0 if the new pod is scheduled on a different node.

A possible workaround for the upgrade is to manually scale down the number of replicas to 0 before upgrading your Helm release. Or manually remove the old {product-short} pod after upgrading the Helm release. However, this would imply some application downtime.
You can also leverage a Pod Affinity rule to force the cluster scheduler to run your {product-short} pods on the same node.
```

```suggestion
Possible workarounds for the upgrade include the following actions:
* Manually scale down the number of replicas to 0 before upgrading your Helm release. 
* Manually remove the old {product-short} pod after upgrading the Helm release. However, this would imply some application downtime.
* Leverage a Pod Affinity rule to force the cluster scheduler to run your {product-short} pods on the same node.
```

Author: Updated the RN in Jira: https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHIDP-5344

.Additional resources
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHIDP-3396[RHIDP-3396]

[id="known-issue-rhidp-5023"]
== Performance issue when authenticating with {rhbk-brand-name}

> Due to short default access token lifespan of {rhbk}, frequent refresh token requests are sent for every API call which causes performance issues. This issue will be resolved in the 1.5 release. As a work around, you can set the **Access Token Lifespan** to a value greater than five minutes (preferably 10 or 15 minutes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to short default access token lifespan of {rhbk}, frequent refresh token requests are sent for every API call, which causes performance issues. This issue will be resolved in the 1.5 release. As a workaround, you can set the **Access Token Lifespan** to a value greater than five minutes (preferably 10 or 15 minutes).
```

Author: Updated and regenerated the RN with the release note text in Jira
